chore: add hint to readme for local environment (#613)
Frontify/brand-sdk: packages/cli/README.md

Example: `weare.frontify.com` or `https://weare.frontify.com`

> If you are using a local development environment, you might need to put `NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED=0` before the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a domain with self-signed certificate, you will need to put `NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED=0` before the log in command
```
